Add sandbox transfer simulation and pagination docs (#546)
Dwolla/dev-portal: pages/api-reference/connect/transfers/initiate.mdx

Refer to our [idempotency key](https://developers.dwolla.com/api-reference#idempotency-key) section to learn more.

### Simulate transfer statuses in Sandbox

The Sandbox environment does not replicate any bank transfer processes, so a pending transfer will not clear or fail automatically after a few business days as it would in production.
The transfer will simply remain in the pending state indefinitely. In the Sandbox environment, transfer statuses can be simulated by passing in a sentinel value in the `amount` field as referenced in the table below.

| amount | Desired Transfer Status | Description                                                                                                                                 |
| ------ | ----------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | 1.01   | created                 | Triggers `account.transfer:created` event and is placed in a `created` status.                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 1.01   | created                 | Triggers `account.transfer:created` event as the transfer is placed in a `created` status.                                                              |
```
